the night in Gaza brings no resite for
Palestinians only more death and
destruction the Israeli Army says it hit
320 targets during the night children
are among the victims about 2,000 killed
so
far throughout the attacks medical and
rescue crews worked in the dark to pull
people out from under the
rubble the only lights torches and car
headlamps
electricity is scarce in the strip
that's under a complete blockade by
Israel rescue workers and volunteers are
sent scrambling when another Israeli
bomb Falls
nearby those rescued are taken to the
few remaining hospitals still
functioning but even there they face
constant
threat another bomb exploded near the
alud hospital creating Panic for those
inside we were told that KH Unice is
considered to be a safe place and
everyone came here from the North or
from Gaza City but unfortunately last
night was the hardest night so far we
saw in Khan
Unice but in this war there is nowhere
safe in this 45 km long strip of
land when we moved to Kan Yunis with my
family there were 17 of us then after
the Israelis hit us and betrayed us
there's only four of us left I can
understand how the four of us will live
and how we will return to our home in
gazi after 17 of us used to live
together this is a real nightmare one I
will never forget for the rest of my
life but not everyone can be rescued
treated or helped the number of dead
keeps mounting four children from the
same family were killed in a strike in
ruer in Gaza they wait for the morning
to assess the damage but the dust never
settles here it covers the dead and
injured asag Al jazer